Add Trainer to quicktour (#18723)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/quicktour.mdx

[[open-in-colab]]

> The 🤗 Transformers library is built around four major concepts to maximize user-friendliness and flexibility:

Reviewer: This is not completely correct: the Transformers library is not built around those four features. I'd keep the introduction line around something like "Get up and running with 🤗 Transformers" as before.

* Start using the [`pipeline`] for rapid inference.
* Load a pretrained model from the [Hub](https://huggingface.co/models).
* Customize a base configuration, preprocessor, and model to modify how a model is built.

> * Use the [`Trainer`] class - a PyTorch training loop optimized for 🤗 Transformers models - to train a model.

Reviewer: The quicktour should present the same features for PyTorch and TensorFlow, TensorFlow is not a second-class citizen ;-) So this section should have a part for fine-tuning with the Trainer in PyTorch and model.fit in Keras.

> Whether you're a new or seasoned developer, this quick tour will help you get started and show you how to use our library. If you're a beginner, we recommend starting our tutorials or [course](https://huggingface.co/course/chapter1/1) for a more in-depth introduction.

Reviewer: Beginner should still look at the quick tour first, and dive in the tutorials after for more in-depth explanations.
```suggestion
Whether you're a new or seasoned developer, this quick tour will help you get started and show you how to use our library. If you're a beginner, we recommend checking our tutorials or [course](https://huggingface.co/course/chapter1/1) next for more in-depth explanations of the concepts introduced here.
```

</Tip>

## Pipeline

[`pipeline`] is the easiest way to use a pretrained model for a given task.

<Youtube id="tiZFewofSLM"/>

The [`pipeline`] supports many common tasks out-of-the-box:

**Text**:
* Sentiment analysis: classify the polarity of a given text.
* Text generation (in English): generate text from a given input.
* Name entity recognition (NER): label each word with the entity it represents (person, date, location, etc.).
* Question answering: extract the answer from the context, given some context and a question.
* Fill-mask: fill in the blank given a text with masked words.
* Summarization: generate a summary of a long sequence of text or document.
* Translation: translate text into another language.
* Feature extraction: create a tensor representation of the text.

**Image**:
* Image classification: classify an image.
* Image segmentation: classify every pixel in an image.
* Object detection: detect objects within an image.

**Audio**:
* Audio classification: assign a label to a given segment of audio.
* Automatic speech recognition (ASR): transcribe audio data into text.

> <Tip>

Reviewer 2: I think this introduction in different tasks was quite useful! As a user I feel like I wouldn't necessarily come to the quicktour to learn how to use the library deeply, but rather with a need and a task I'd want to solve. In this case, then showcasing what is supported straight away would be helpful.

Author: Ok, I think Sylvain also advocated for showcasing what all is supported so I'll keep it. Going to experiment a bit with presenting the tasks in a table :)

Take a look at the [Create a custom architecture](./create_a_model) guide for more information about building custom configurations.

## PyTorch Trainer

All models are a standard [`torch.nn.Module`](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/nn.html#torch.nn.Module) or a [`tf.keras.Model`](https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/keras/Model) so you can use them in any standard training loop. While you can write your own training loop, 🤗 Transformers provides a [`Trainer`] class for PyTorch, which contains the basic training loop and adds additional functionality for features like distributed training, mixed precision, and more.

<Tip>

For TensorFlow, use [`~TFPreTrainedModel.prepare_tf_dataset`] to prepare your dataset as a `tf.data.Dataset`. Then you can [`compile`](https://keras.io/api/models/model_training_apis/#compile-method) and [`fit`](https://keras.io/api/models/model_training_apis/#fit-method) your model with the usual Keras methods. Take a look at the [finetuning tutorial](./training#convert-dataset-to-tensorflow-format) for more details.

> </Tip>

Reviewer 2: I don't know if I'd read this in this section; I'm in a PyTorch section, so if I'm a TensorFlow user, I feel like I wouldn't look at this :smile:

Depending on your task, you'll typically pass the following parameters to [`Trainer`]:

1. A [`PreTrainedModel`] or a [`torch.nn.Module`](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/nn.html#torch.nn.Module).
2. [`TrainingArguments`] contains the model hyperparameters you can change like learning rate, batch size, and the number of epochs to train for. The default values are used if you don't specify any training arguments.
3. Your train and test datasets.
4. A preprocessing class like a tokenizer, feature extractor, or processor.

> 5. A [`DataCollator`] to create a batch of examples from your dataset.

Reviewer 2: I'd also show how to instantiate each of these so that it's super simple to copy-paste a working example

```py
>>> from transformers import Trainer

>>> trainer = Trainer(
...     model=model,
...     args=training_args,
...     train_dataset=dataset["train"],
...     eval_dataset=dataset["test"],
...     tokenizer=tokenizer,
...     data_collator=data_collator,
... )
```

When you're ready, call [`~Trainer.train`] to start training:

```py
>>> trainer.train()
```

<Tip>

For tasks that use a sequence-to-sequence model like translation or summarization, use the [`Seq2SeqTrainer`] and [`Seq2SeqTrainingArguments`] classes instead.

> </Tip>

Reviewer 2: Here I'd also show code samples

Author: Since the code sample is so similar to the `Seq2Seq` classes, what do you think about just clarifying the tip to say that you can copy the above code and remove `Seq2Seq`? This way, we can avoid being too repetitive.

You can customize the training loop behavior by subclassing the methods inside [`Trainer`]. This allows you to customize features such as the loss function, optimizer, and scheduler. Take a look at the [`Trainer`] reference for which methods can be subclassed. 

> The other way to customize the training loop is by using [Callbacks](./main_classes/callbacks). You can use callbacks to integrate with other libraries and inspect the training loop to report on progress or stop the training early. Callbacks do not modify anything in the training loop itself. To customize something like the loss function, you need to subclass the [`Trainer`] instead.

Reviewer 2: That's more for the `Trainer` page, but I'd showcase an example of subclassing each method. I think there's a single one shown for `compute_loss`, but subclassing requires understanding which inputs/outputs will work and it's not necessarily straightforward for a beginner

Take a look at the [Create a custom architecture](./create_a_model) guide for more information about building custom configurations.

## PyTorch Trainer

All models are a standard [`torch.nn.Module`](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/nn.html#torch.nn.Module) or a [`tf.keras.Model`](https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/keras/Model) so you can use them in any standard training loop. While you can write your own training loop, 🤗 Transformers provides a [`Trainer`] class for PyTorch, which contains the basic training loop and adds additional functionality for features like distributed training, mixed precision, and more.

Depending on your task, you'll typically pass the following parameters to [`Trainer`]:

1. A [`PreTrainedModel`] or a [`torch.nn.Module`](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/nn.html#torch.nn.Module).

        ```py
        >>> from transformers import AutoModelForSequenceClassification

        >>> model = AutoModelForSequenceClassification.from_pretrained("distilbert-base-uncased")

>         ```

Reviewer: Nit: here and below, you only need three spaces of indentation (to be at the same level as the A).

2. [`TrainingArguments`] contains the model hyperparameters you can change like learning rate, batch size, and the number of epochs to train for. The default values are used if you don't specify any training arguments.

        ```py
        >>> from transformers import TrainingArguments

        >>> training_args = TrainingArguments(

>         ...     output_dir="path/to/local/model/",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ...     output_dir="path/to/save/folder/",
```
